Add links to new documentation site (#108)
get-select/dbt-snowflake-monitoring: README.md

# [dbt-snowflake-monitoring](https://select.dev/docs/dbt-snowflake-monitoring)

From the [SELECT](https://select.dev) team, a dbt package to help you monitor Snowflake performance and costs.

Package documentation and example queries can be found [here](https://select.dev/docs/dbt-snowflake-monitoring).

> Documentation for the models can be found [here](https://get-select.github.io/dbt-snowflake-monitoring/#!/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generated dbt Docs for the models can be found [here](https://get-select.github.io/dbt-snowflake-monitoring/#!/overview).
```
